Wazuh Cloud: Documentation for the new pricing model (#6258)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/cloud-service/getting-started/sign-up-trial.rst

Follow these steps to quickly set up and run your environment:

#. From the `Wazuh Cloud Console <https://console.cloud.wazuh.com/>`_, click the **Start your free trial** button.

#. Configure your environment:

   #. Give your environment a name.

   #. Select the :ref:`region <cloud_glossary_region>` to host your environment. If you are not sure what to pick, select a region that is the closest to your location since this typically reduces latency for indexing and search requests.

   #. Fill in the use case. This information helps us understand why our users utilize our service, allowing us to improve it accordingly.

   #. Select the desired settings. To simplify the process, we have prepared three predefined sets of settings called profiles: Small, Medium, and Large. If none of these profiles meet your requirements, you can click Custom and configure your settings individually. To learn more about the settings and their functionality, see the :ref:`Settings <cloud_your_environment_settings>` section.
   

>       .. note:: During the 14-day trial period, some settings are limited, but they do not prevent you from gaining insight into the Wazuh Cloud platform. All restrictions are removed after you make the first payment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      .. note:: Thoughout the 14-day trial period, some settings are limited. However, they do not prevent you from exploring and using the Wazuh Cloud platform. All restrictions are removed after you make the initial payment.
```

   #. Select between monthly or annual payments. If you choose the monthly option, you will be billed on a monthly basis, whereas the annual option entails a single payment per year.

#. Click on **Start your free trial** to build your environment. This process might take a few minutes.

> Once the environment is ready, access the :ref:`Wazuh WUI <cloud_wui_access>` and enroll the Wazuh agents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the environment is ready, access the :ref:`Wazuh dashboard <cloud_wui_access>` and enroll the Wazuh agents.
```
